Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Meanwhile. work goes
on for the Brits
who relocated to the Costa.
Running a bar in the sun is
the classic British dream.
It can easily turn
into a nightmare.
but Gary and Cherry
from Macclesfield
have made it work.
The Bamboo Bar is a success.
Ay. ay. ay. ay
Feels like fire
I'm so in love with you
Hello.
I saw you looking at
me from the street.
I've seen you a bunch of times
coming and going with your head down.
One day. it'll be
for real. that alarm.
We're basically the only ones
here. Can you fucking believe that?
I mean. they haven't
got security guards yet.
I'm Harry.
Adam.
How do you cope?
With... with what?
Listen.
It's so quiet.
I mean. London's out there but
we can't hear a fucking thing.
I play music. right. but
it's worse when it ends.
Yeah. I even got
one of those. erm.
white noise machines. right?
But it's like there's someone in the
corner of the room whispering about me.
I mean. we can't even open.
the windows. but I guess
they don't really
want us to jump.
It's bad for business. You know.
bodies broken on the concrete.
I mean. who's
gonna move in then?
Drink?
It's Japanese.
It's meant to be the best in the world.
but I. I couldn't tell you why. so...
- No. thanks.
- Okay. erm...
Okay. How about
I come in anyway?
If not for a drink.
then for whatever
else you might want.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Do I scare you?
No.
We don't have to do anything
if I'm not your type.
There's vampires at my door.
Hi.
I bought something strong
for a night like this.
No. thanks.
Shall we go?
Go where?
Home.
She's gonna be over
the moon to see ya.
Guess who I found
loitering in the park.
Is it him?
Oh. yeah. it's definitely him.
Look in his eyes.
Yes. it is you.
Hi.
Don't just stand there.
Get yourself inside.
So. where are you living now?
Not around here. I'm sure.
Er... I'm in London.
- Fancy.
- Whereabouts?
Do you live by yourself?
Do you own your own place?
Er. yeah. it's just
a... it's just a flat.
What did I tell ya?
I told you he'd be doing
well for himself. didn't I?
Can't be cheap living
up there in the smoke.
And what is it that you do?
- I'm a writer.
- And what did I tell you?
No. no. no.
I'm not particularly rich
or anything. Not really.
Well. I always knew
you'd be creative.
And what kind of writer are you?
You know how I love.
erm. Stephen King.
Carrie. Cujo. Different Seasons.
No. no. no. I'm not
a proper writer.
I... I write scripts.
Er. for film. TV.
When I have to.
A writer.
God. this is so bloody exciting.
If I knew the neighbours.
I'd run over and I'd
tell them right now.
I've always said that writers
know less about the real world
than almost anyone else.
What the hell would you know?
You can barely write
- joined up.
- That's true. But...
A writer.
Our son.
We're very bloody pleased to
see you doing so well. then.
Yeah.
Enough of that poofy shit.
Our boy's back home.
What are you puttin' on?
Oh. you'll see.
Oh. do you remember your
little red car that you had?
You loved it and you wanted to
take it out onto the main road.
and drive it with
all the big cars.
Yeah. That's my first
memory. actually.
It was a Ford Granada
that hit him. wasn't it?
- No. it. it was...
- Yeah. It was.
It was racing green.
Do you remember that?
It flung you
like a rag doll.
You went so high up in the air.
- I'll never forget it.
- Oh. but you were fine. though.
You were fine. You had
a couple of bruises.
I think they thought I was
exaggerating when I took you in.
What about that one Bonfire
Night when you lost it?
You remember that Bonfire Night?
How old were you? Six?
No. he was not. He
was older than that.
Well. when the fireworks went off. poor
boy. started screaming and howling.
I had to carry him
all the way home.
- You did?
- Yeah.
You fell asleep on my shoulder.
I don't remember that.
You were... you were
really beside yourself.
You were really having a hard
time. and I was trying...
we were just trying to get
you to enjoy the fireworks.
And you didn't...
You've always been a
sensitive boy. haven't you?
Maybe.
Are you still afraid
of fireworks now?
No!
Do you know who you sound like?
You sound just like my mother.
He does.
- Doesn't he? You noticed that?
- Yeah. no. he does.
You did say something earlier.
Yeah. It's when...
it's when you said.
it's when you said. "I'm
not a proper writer."
- Say it again.
- Go on.
- Don't make me say it.
- Say it.
- Come on. Just say it.
Say. "a proper writer." again.
Like Nan or like me?
- No. Say it like you.
- "Like Nan or like me."
Say it like you.
It's so bloody lovely
to see you again.
Yeah.
Weren't sure if we ever would.
Here you are.
Here I am.
Come back soon. hmm?
One of us will be in.
Please.
Yeah. I will.
Good.
- Let's go in. eh?
- Night.
- Goodnight. sweetheart.
- Goodnight. son.
Night.
- Hello.
- Hi.
I'm really sorry
about the other night.
Oh. that's all right.
Don't worry about it.
See ya.
I actually do like whisky
if you want. erm...
wanna have a drink or...
Clambering men in big bad boots
Dug up my den. dug up my roots
Treated us like plasticine town
They built us up
and knocked us down
From Meccano to Legoland
Here they come with
a brick in their hand
Men with heads
filled up with sand
Let's build...
Let's build a house...
Hi.
Hello.
- Do you wanna come in?
- Sure.
Do you want a drink?
Yeah. what have you got?
Er... I got vodka and some beer.
I got some weed if
you prefer that.
Yeah. weed's better.
I'm off alcohol...
Do you like living here?
I think I'll like it
more when people move in.
If people move in.
You got friends nearby?
No. not really.
Do you?
Most of my friends have
moved out of London.
Wanna have gardens
for their kids.
and they want to be
near the grandparents
so they can look after the kids.
I'm guessing you didn't
want to move too?
Er. no.
What am I gonna do in Dorking?
It's not for people like me.
I'm just checking.
You are queer. right?
Yeah. Yeah.
That's good.
Or gay.
- Right.
- Queer. I'm not...
I can't get used to
calling myself queer.
It was always such an insult.
It's probably why we
hate "gay" so much now.
I mean. it was always like. erm.
er. "Your haircut's gay."
or "This sofa's gay."
"Your trainers are gay."
"Your school bag's gay."
Yeah.
Queer does feel polite.
somehow. though. you know.
It's like. erm...
I don't know. it's like all the
dick sucking's been taken out.
Yeah. I'm assuming
you're not with anyone.
I never see you with anyone.
- No.
You often single?
Am I often single?
Er...
I suppose so. Yeah.
- Are you?
- Yeah.
Yeah. but not for
want of trying.
How about I kiss ya?
Yeah. all right.
Ooh!
- Sorry.
- No.
- You all right?
- No. Yeah. yeah.
Just haven't done...
I haven't done this in a while.
I have to remember to...
remember to breathe.
- Okay.
- Yeah. yeah. It's okay.
Okay.
- It's okay.
- You all right?
Yeah.
Is this you?
Afraid it is.
You were cute.
I hate my photos.
I was a fat kid.
Right. but.
when you're a fat kid. no one asks
why you don't have a girlfriend.
We'd have been friends
for sure. though.
Bunked off football
to spy on the boys.
Is this your dad?
Yeah.
He's handsome.
I'm... I'm trying to write
about them at the moment.
Is that what you do?
Yeah.
How's it going?
Er. strangely.
I don't see my dad much.
Do you. do you see yours. no?
No. they died.
Just before I was 12.
Both of them?
Yeah. Yeah. car crash.
Not the most original of deaths.
I'm really sorry.
No. thanks. it was
a long time ago.
Yeah. I don't
think that matters.
Well.
I'd like to see you again.
Yeah. okay.
I could stay the night if you...
How about. actually.
better idea...
Not tonight. Yeah?
No. no. I would like to s...
- No. you...
- I would like...
- you don't need to explain.
- To see you again. I'm just...
Okay?
Okay.
Thanks.
Sweetheart. you came back.
Of course I came back.
Jesus. you're sodden.
Come on. take it all off.
No. I'm not taking
my clothes off.
Don't be silly. it's only
me. Come on. arms up.
I'll put them in the dryer.
It's just me today.
Is that all right?
- Yeah. of course it is.
- Good.
There's so much I want to know.
I want to hear everything.
Right. go on.
Upstairs. get changed.
My goodness. This
is so exciting.
Suppose nothing's gonna
fit you any more. is it?
Nope.
Yeah. Well. I brought you some
of your dad's things instead.
- Okay.
- Oh. Look.
Come on. take these off as well
and I'll put them in
to dry with the rest.
Er...
Oh. will you take
them off. Adam?
Honestly.
God. look at you.
What?
You were just a boy.
And now you're not.
No.
You look totally different.
but it's still you.
Well. I thought
you'd be hairier.
Like your dad.
Okay. sorry.
I like a hairy chest. myself.
Okay.
Christ. you know who
you remind me of?
Er. who?
You look just like my dad.
Really?
How I remember him anyway.
when I was a little girl.
God. isn't that mad?
It's like seeing you both
at exactly the same time.
I've made your favourite.
Well. I hope it's
still your favourite.
I'll just go and pop the kettle on.
and then you can tell me everything.
Delicious.
Good.
Now. your dad told
me not to ask.
and I don't see a wedding ring.
so I'm presuming you're not married.
but have you got a girlfriend?
I'm picturing her with
brown hair. not too skinny.
Smart. obviously.
Well?
Well. what?
Do you?
I don't have a girlfriend. No.
That's a shame.
I don't have a girlfriend
because I'm not into girls.
into women.
What'd you mean?
I mean...
I'm gay.
As in homosexual?
As in that. yeah.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Since when?
Er. since a long time.
How long?
Forever.
You don't look gay.
Well. I'm not sure
what that means.
It means what it means.
You know what it means.
Well. bet you're glad you
don't know the neighbours now.
Hmm. I must admit
I'm a bit surprised.
Not really sure what
I feel about it.
What. you didn't... didn't
think it would be a possibility?
No. of course not.
What parent wants to think
that about their child?
No parent that I know.
Well. I'm very okay with it. so.
But aren't people nasty to you?
Erm. no. no.
No. things are different now.
What. so they aren't nasty?
Not out loud. anyway.
Well. does everybody know?
I mean. are you open
about it? I mean...
I don't know. down the
High Street at WHSmith's?
Well. it depends on
the... on the street.
Yeah. Everybody knows.
everyone's fine.
Well. don't you want to
get married and have kids?
I can have kids.
Men can marry. Women. too.
What. to each other?
- Yeah.
- Why?
What do you mean "why"?
Well. isn't that like having
your cake and eating it?
So. do you want to get
married and have kids?
I don't know. It wasn't a
possibility for such a long time.
So. I didn't think it
was worth the effort
of wanting to get
married and have kids.
- You okay?
- Hmm. I'm fine.
Sure?
I suppose I never did
know what was going on
in that odd little
head of yours.
You were always running
away. Do you remember?
Yeah.
There was that time
that you got as far
as the train station.
but then you'd lost your money
and so you couldn't buy a ticket.
Do you remember that?
Yes. it was Granny's
five-pound note.
Yeah. that was it.
Where were you hoping to go?
Don't know.
London. I guess.
London?
God.
Oh. there was that time
that you got as far as
the bottom of the garden.
but then you cut your thumb
on an old milk bottle and
you came running back up
all sheepish with blood
all over your shirt.
and you were banging and banging
- on that window to be let in.
- Yeah.
There it is.
Just.
They say it's a very
lonely kind of life.
They don't actually
say that any more.
So. you're not lonely?
If I am. it's not
because I'm gay.
Not really.
Oh. God. And what about
this awful. ghastly disease?
I've seen the adverts
on the... on the news.
and with the gravestone.
Should I be worried about that?
No. Jesus.
Everything's different now.
Everything's different.
Well. I guess I wouldn't
know about that.
Your clothes will be dry now.
You should take these
flapjacks with you.
if you want. I won't
be eating them.
What's wrong?
I'm okay.
I just got a bit of a chill.
Hey. you're hot.
Yeah.
I was just... I was just...
I just got caught in the rain.
Okay.
Well. why don't I
run you a hot bath?
My nan says there's literally
nothing a hot bath couldn't solve.
I don't really like baths.
Fuck off. Who
doesn't like baths?
You don't need to
be shy around me.
Yes. that's easier
said than done.
Would you like me
to close my eyes?
- Yes. please.
- Okay.
Better?
Yeah.
Been thinking about
you all week. today.
Was thinking about
watching crappy TV with
you on a Friday night.
Eating take-away on your sofa.
Watching all the episodes
of Top of the Pops
from before I was born.
Yeah. I thought about
something else. too.
Thought about fucking you.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Or you fuck me. I don't
really care which.
Are you into that?
Yeah.
It's okay if you're not. We all
don't need to be into fucking.
Well. I wasn't for
the longest time.
for obvious reasons.
Obvious reasons?
I thought that if I
fucked anybody. I'd die.
It's probably pretty difficult
for you to imagine. isn't it?
A little.
Yeah. Come on.
You said the other day you
don't see your dad much.
Yeah.
What about your mum?
Yeah. same.
How come?
They know you're queer?
Yeah. course.
- Are they okay with it?
- Yeah.
They're okay.
I mean. they're
really old school.
Probably less okay than
everyone's meant to be.
Yeah. But they got used
to it. sort of. it's just.
they don't say too much.
You could say that I have...
drifted to the edge.
Or right up to the edge. almost.
Over the edge.
What's that mean?
I'm edge of the family.
My sister and her kids.
and my older brother
who just got married.
they've all. they got
this spot in the centre.
But it's okay.
Why is it okay?
Because.
I don't go home much.
Does that make you sad?
Erm. No. I think it's
just inevitable. really.
Why?
Um...
I've always felt like a
stranger in my own family.
And then.
coming out just puts a name
to that difference
that's always been there.
So. in the end.
it's not really anyone's fault.
Hmm. What's wrong?
It's funny.
Things are better now.
Course they are...
but doesn't take much to make
you feel the way you felt...
back there again. skin all raw.
Am I still hot?
Just a little.
You wanna stay the night?
Sure she won't be long.
It's okay.
Just wanted to talk to her.
Yeah. I know you do.
This was your
grandad's favourite.
I never really liked
it much at the time.
but it's grown on me.
If you wanna see your
mum really lose her shit.
go ahead and break
that bloody thing.
Come on then. lad.
Sit yourself down.
I don't want
To set the world on fire
I just want to start...
Well. she told you then?
Was scared you
wouldn't come back.
But you know what
your mum's like.
You know. don't be... don't
be too disappointed in her.
No. I'm not.
Yeah. she just needs to rearrange
some things in her head.
and all the stories
that she's built up.
Yeah. She'll soon realise
it's not actually about her.
What about you?
What about me?
What do you think?
Well. I mean. it
was hardly a shock.
I always knew you were
a bit tutti-frutti.
Couldn't throw a ball for shit.
no matter how many times
I tried to teach you.
- Jesus.
- Couldn't for shit.
Couldn't do it.
You make me sound like
a horrible cliché.
Well. can you throw a ball?
- Not at all.
- Well. there you go.
To set the world on fire...
Would you have liked
me to have known?
I don't know.
I would hear you crying
in your room after school.
Did the boys bully you. then?
Not just the boys.
What would they do?
Oh. call me a girl...
ignore me. refuse
to play with me.
stick my head down the toilet.
flick drawing pins in my face.
Christ's sake.
Yeah. Well. you know...
kids are little
cunts. aren't they?
And that one desire is you
And I know...
So. why didn't you come into
my room if you heard me crying?
Why didn't you tell me what
was happening at school?
You know. you answer me first.
Be honest.
I just didn't want to think
of you as the kind of boy
that the other
lads would pick on.
And I knew that if I
was at your school.
I'd probably have
picked on you too.
Yeah. I think I always
probably thought that. anyway.
Probably why I didn't tell you
what was happening to me at school.
Set the world on...
Well...
Fire
I just want to start
A flame...
You know. when she told me.
it did make me think about
all the jokes that we make...
and. you know. we did impressions
of your English teacher.
when he went around
with his limp wrist.
You told me not
to cross my legs.
like a woman over. and
over. and over again.
Did I?
Yeah. I still...
Still think about it every
time I cross my legs.
I have good memories. too.
Yeah. I hope so. Fuck.
I hope so. I hope you did.
Remember you used to
love decorating the tree.
That's...
You were crazy for
it. every year.
And you'd always let me. erm.
put the fairy on
top of the tree.
The fairy. I did.
I'm sorry I never came in your
room when you were crying.
No. really. it's okay.
No. it's not okay.
though. really. is it?
- It's not.
- Dad. Dad. I get it.
It was. it was so long...
It was so long ago. Stop!
Can I hug you now?
Yeah. please.
You're all right. son.
You're all right.
After this...
I wanna go out.
You.
and me...
together...
... into the world.
My dog will bark
at any passers-by
Oh. you can get lonely
I want a dog...
- What do you want to drink?
- Er... A pint.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Whoops. sorry.
Ah fuck. I've
missed this feeling.
I can't hear ya.
Do you dance?
If I'm wasted enough.
Then let's get wasted enough.
C'mon.
Yeah.
Where'd you get this?
Found it in my wallet.
Fuck knows how long
it's been there.
I think that's ketamine.
Really?
Have you done it before?
No.
- Will you look after me?
- I'll do my best.
- Okay. That'll have to do.
- Okay.
The death of the party
Came as no surprise
Why did we bother
Should have stayed away
Another night
And I thought well well
Go to another party
And hang myself
Gently on the shelf
Another night
And I thought well well
Go to another party
And hang myself
Gently on the shelf
Another party
And I thought well well
Go to another party
And hang myself
for the next 30 minutes.
some surely good
tunes coming your way.
Like down here. we have
at number four.
The Pet Shop Boys
and You Were Always on My Mind.
Adam.
What's wrong?
Oh. you're really hot.
No. he's really hot.
What?
Now. here you go.
Come on.
Squeeze in. squeeze
in. squeeze in.
Little things I should
have said and done
I never took the time
You were always on my mind
Maybe I didn't hold you
All those lonely. lonely times
And I guess I never told you
I'm so happy that you're mine
If I made you feel second best
I'm so sorry I was blind
You were always on my mind
Tell me
Tell me that your
sweet love hasn't died
Give me
One more chance to
keep you satisfied
Satisfied
Okay. get together.
Yeah. Yeah. Are you
ready? I'm gonna press it.
Okay. it's going.
All right. we have to be quick
'cause it goes off in a sec.
It's about 10 seconds.
- Merry Christmas.
- Here we go!
- Merry Christmas!
- Go...
You were always on my mind
Tell me
Is this real?
Does it feel real?
Yeah.
There you go. then.
For how long. though?
I can't answer that.
I suppose we don't get
to decide when it's over.
You're not going
out now. are you?
Where would we go?
The Walsh's.
The Walsh's?
No. no. Wait.
Promise me you're
not gonna go out now.
I promise.
We're just gonna be
asleep next door.
Promise.
All right?
Get some sleep.
No.
What is it. sweetheart?
I can't sleep.
Well. do you wanna get in?
- Can I?
- 'course. you can.
Still smells the same in here.
You'd creep in here night after
night. saying you couldn't sleep.
You're always
scared of something.
Murderers breaking
in. or rabies.
or nuclear war.
Do people still get rabies?
No.
I was desperate
for you to grow up
just so I could get
a good night's sleep.
Sorry.
What are you sorry for?
I'm the sorry one.
I should've relished
you driving me bananas.
Where did you go?
You know. afterwards.
I lived with Granny.
She took me to Dublin.
Yeah. I thought so.
Why didn't you
live with his lot?
Why didn't you live
with Granny May?
They said she was
too heartbroken.
About what?
Well. she'd lost her son.
Oh. I see. But my mother was fine
about losing her only daughter?
No. no.
She was not fine.
I just can't believe that she got
to look after you and I didn't.
Are any of them
still around now?
No.
Guess they wouldn't
be. would they?
And how did you get on
over there with Mum?
Did you manage to fit
in better at school?
I made sure I did.
I hate that we weren't around when
you needed us most. sweetheart.
And I hate even more
that I wasn't there
before that. not really.
No. that's not true.
Come on. Well. I was hardly
Mother of the Year. was I?
But I like to think that I
would've got better at it in time.
You know. given time.
You know. when I was a teenager.
or even later. into my twenties.
I used to plot it all out.
What do you mean?
What we might've
done together...
in intricate detail. Trips
to the Whitgift Centre.
birthdays.
trips to London.
The Planetarium.
the London Dungeon.
Oh. I always wanted to go there.
I know.
There were holidays that we
might've gone on together.
Did we make it to Disneyland?
We did.
When I was 14.
It rained non-stop.
And they shut down
Space Mountain.
And we fought every day.
Why did we have to fight?
Because that's what everyone
did with their parents.
They fought and bickered
and pretended that they were
ruining each other's lives.
Did we make up?
No. we didn't need to make up.
We were together.
so...
so it didn't matter.
You okay?
- No.
- You're okay. son.
You're okay.
What are you doing here?
You're not supposed to be here.
Mum? Mum?
You're okay.
- What day... What day is it?
- Sunday.
Why is it...
How come... How... Why
is it still Sunday?
You kept screaming
out for your parents
over and over again in the club.
And then.
I didn't know what
to do so I just
took you back here and lay
with you till you fell asleep.
You looked so scared.
I am.
Hey. come here. Come here.
Hey. come here.
I'm here. It's okay.
You're okay.
I was sleeping in their bed
the night they went out.
I was meant to go with them.
To Christmas drinks
at the Walsh's.
Around midnight. erm...
Two police came to the
door. A man and a woman.
He had really
beautiful. kind eyes.
and this thick. dark stubble.
Looked like it
had been drawn on.
The car skidded on black ice.
Both of them had been drinking.
Dad was killed right away.
but they took Mum to. er.
Saint Mary's in Croydon. and
she died a few days later.
Did you get to see her?
What do you mean?
To say goodbye?
Mmm-hmm. Yeah.
No.
My granny thought it
would be too scarring.
Mum went through the windscreen
and she lost an eye.
so she was pretty fucked up.
Jesus.
Yeah.
I went looking for that eye.
I don't know why. Didn't
want anyone else to find it.
Thought it would be on
the side of the road.
Staring up at me. "Hi."
I did find a tiny piece
of the windscreen glass. though.
In my head. it had blood on
it. but maybe that's not true.
The nurse said that Mum woke
up just before she died.
She must've been so confused.
Can't hardly see and...
Dad wasn't there.
I wasn't there.
I can't even begin to
imagine how you felt.
How lonely you must've been.
Yeah. but. like. I'd
always felt lonely.
even before.
This was a new feeling.
Like...
a terror.
that I'd always be alone now.
And then. as I got older.
that feeling just...
just solidified.
Just a...
Just a knot here all the time.
And then losing them.
it just got tangled up
with all the other stuff.
about being gay...
and just feeling. like...
the future doesn't matter.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
I know how easy it can be to
stop caring about yourself.
Yeah.
Adam.
Will you come with me?
Where to?
Just let me show you.
Whose house is this?
My parents'.
Yeah. Who lives here now?
It's okay. Don't worry.
Hello?
Adam.
- Where are they?
- Who?
Hello?
Who?
My parents.
This is our house.
This is our kitchen.
This is our wallpaper.
That's our table where we had
fish and chips
every Friday night.
so my mother could pretend
we were still Catholic.
Adam I want to go home.
Let me take you home.
- This is my home.
- No. it used to be.
- It's not any more. Adam!
- Mum?
- Dad?
- Adam. listen.
Let me take you home.
You go home!
You go home. I'm not going.
Where are they?
Mum?
- Adam. stop it.
- Dad?
Can you see them?
Let me in.
Please.
Please let me in.
He has to stop now.
He has to get on with his life.
He can't keep coming here.
We're not allowing him
to get on with his life.
I think we are helping him.
No. we're not. It's not normal.
- It's not...
- Why didn't you let us in?
Where is he? Is he
here? Is Harry here?
No.
We did see him. though.
But I wanted you to meet him.
I know. but I don't think
this works like that.
Looked like a handsome
fellow. though.
Is he your special friend?
Do you mean my boyfriend? Is he
my boyfriend? You can say it.
Okay. Well. is he
your boyfriend?
Erm... Er. I don't know.
Are you in love with him?
Why is that so strange?
I don't know. I've never
been in love before. so...
Not really.
So. this...
I don't know if this is it.
Sweetheart.
Well.
he certainly seems to care
about you a whole heap.
in my not so humble opinion.
Do you think you'd like
to be in love with him?
Yeah?
- Son. I think we...
- No.
Don't say it.
- Please don't say it.
- No. we have to.
We have to.
Me and your mum.
we think that it's best you
don't come visit us any more.
All right.
You're just gonna keep coming
and coming. I know you are.
And we can see what
this is doing to you.
It's not doing anything to me.
Yes. it is.
It won't let you move on.
Okay. well. I'll come less.
I'll come once a year.
I'll come at Christmas.
Come on. lad. we...
You have to have known that
this wasn't gonna last forever.
I'm not asking for
it to last forever.
I'm just...
It hasn't been long enough.
Hasn't been close
to long enough.
I know. but it never
could be. could it?
Hey. listen.
I've got an idea.
How's about...
How's about we go to
your favourite place
in the whole bloody world. huh?
I'm sure it's still open.
It's the next best
thing to Disneyland.
It's fucking cheaper too.
What do you think?
If I could see the world
Through the eyes of a child
What a wonderful world
This would be
There'd be no trouble...
Er. can I get the
"family special". please?
That's a lot of food.
That's okay.
Not really very hungry.
- No. me neither.
- No.
Hey. I wanna ask you something.
- God. no. don't ask.
- No. no. I'm gonna ask him.
- Was it quick?
- Oh. Jesus.
- I told you not to ask.
- You're the... You wanna know.
Yeah. but what if it was
slow and horribly painful?
Yeah. but what
difference does it make?
It makes a big difference.
It was quick.
- Was it?
- Yeah.
For both of us?
No. you don't seem sure.
Don't be fibbing now.
It was quick.
It was really quick.
Well. okay.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. but that's a relief.
isn't it? Of sorts.
It's been playing on
my mind. that has.
What do you think we
should say to each other?
Not sure I have much
wisdom to share.
I don't know. maybe.
Adam being older.
should be sharing some with us.
Maybe we shouldn't say anything.
Maybe.
Although. I will say that getting to
know you has made us very proud. son.
I haven't done anything
to be proud of.
- I've just muddled through.
- No. but you got through.
Some tough times. I'm sure.
and you're still here.
That's what we're proud of.
Yeah.
Dad?
Stay. Stay. Stay a bit longer.
No. I don't think so. son.
Love you. darling.
You do?
Sometimes. I wasn't so sure.
Whatever problems we had.
I'm glad we got to be
together at the end.
Me too.
Now. I...
I know I was never
good at saying it.
I just couldn't
get the words out.
I do love you very much.
Somehow. even more.
now that I know you.
It's important that
you believe me.
I do.
And I love you very much.
Dad?
Dad. did... Dad.
did you hear that?
Oh. Adam. are you there?
I can't see you.
Why can't I see you?
I'm here. Mum.
Oh. there you are.
I can feel you.
Skin's lovely and warm.
Now. you listen.
You promise me
that you're gonna try
with this Harry boy.
Yeah.
I'd have liked him. I know it.
He might need a bit of
taking care of. mind you.
He's got such a sad face.
- Do you hear me?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I hear you.
That's good.
I hope you make each
other a bit happier.
Such a kind and gentle boy.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
Harry?
What are you doing down here?
I came to find you.
Why are you here?
I... I said goodbye to
them. so I came to see you.
- It's okay.
- It's not okay. though. is it?
I was so scared that night. I
just needed to not be alone.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I was too scared...
to let you in.
I'm in there. aren't I?
- Let's just go upstairs.
- No. no. no.
I just need you
to tell me. okay?
Because I can smell it. I can...
taste it in my throat.
How come no one found me?
Where was my mum and my dad?
- I found you...
- I know.
but I... Adam. I don't want you
to see me like that
in there. It's...
You're not in there.
You're here.
With me.
Let's just go upstairs.
I saw her. you know.
Your mum.
Your dad. too. at the house.
They saw you. too.
They did?
My dad says you're
a handsome fellow.
They'd have loved you.
They both would.
That's good.
Did you get to say
what you wanted to say?
I don't know. but I
got to be with them.
It's good that you
were all together.
Yeah.
I'm scared.
I know.
But I'm here with you.
Don't let this get
tangled up again.
Okay. come on.
Okay.
It's so quiet.
Never could stand how
quiet this place was.
Will you put a record on?
- What would you like?
- You choose.
"I'll protect you
from the hooded claw."
"Keep the vampires
from your door."
Ay. ay. ay. ay
Feels like fire
I'm so in love with you
Dreams are like angels
They keep bad at bay. bad at bay
Love is the light
Scaring darkness away. yeah
I'm so in love with you
Purge the soul
Make love your goal
The power of love
A force from above
Cleaning my soul
Flame on. burn desire
Love with tongues of fire
Purge the soul
Make love your goal
I'll protect you
from the hooded claw
Keep the vampires from your door
When the chips are
down I'll be around
With my undying.
death-defying love for you
Envy will hurt itself
Let yourself be beautiful
Sparkling love. flowers
And pearls and pretty girls
Love is like an energy
Rushin' an' rushin'
inside of me. eh
The power of love
A force from above
Cleaning my soul
Flame on. burn desire
Love with tongues of fire
Purge the soul
Make love your goal
This time we go sublime
Lovers entwine. divine. divine
Love is danger. love is pleasure
Love is pure. the only treasure
I'm so in love with
you Purge the soul
Make love your goal
The power of love
A force from above
Cleaning my soul
The power of love
A force from above
A sky-scraping dove
Flame on. burn desire
Love with tongues of fire
Purge the soul
Make love your goal
I'll protect you
from the hooded claw
Keep the vampires from your door
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm